thank you I think I got the shortcuts
down huh no I want to hear myself oh
yeah yeah pallet love love okay it's
time so I load it I'm tired of the jab
of my money talking for me if it about
that brick go axe me but at you you
ain't tryna innovate don't step foot in
my bleep relation I mean myself I'm a
much I mean myself I mean much I made
myself I mean my I'm in myself you know
what ain't it ain't myself I made myself
I mean my son
I mean myself I made myself
OMG boy I'm in my damn zone zone no I
don't step foot in my damn home oh let
she betta fuck she wanna borrow my phone
dan up don't feed it up and then I take
it home i got them hoes on me now I got
them owns over now that bingo che know
me now with no complaining no pro my
swagga shitting on the town then write
my weed make yourself that light it be
the speaker down we're on Jack
I swear to god I'm shit shit wow I got
that bad batch of my dick and you and
fuck around with my face robbing my kid
right cuz we break bread no I old it I'm
tired of the jab of my money talking for
me if anybody at brick don't ask me but
at you you ain't trying to innovate
don't step foot in my feet really shit I
mean my son I mean I mean my son I mean
what I mean myself I mean I'm in my
second myself I mean I mean I me myself
I mean I made myself
I'm riding riding that old school can
you pick that woke Greg and I'll touch
too much pity boy this is calling me to
change its own abroad I need two rings
trip to God I get moon swinging eat the
beating get two things I've been the
bomb you say refugee at my camp realex
came from the bottom up children into my
pan grandmother's go for the diamond are
real niggas don't check text we only
know price check all my niggas know
Clara no show up to sound check yosh ok
still up medic said don't get ready fuck
you want Wes with us rappers on my
entree my team so uppity how come you
don't fall for me don't OMG i know my
rights and my lawyers with my steez
always be there Chloe that's me be that
Teddy that TV what we waited rubies in
my kids we so fresh so crazy Andre
triple bridge Iraqis Ravens on my
LOL did I'm tired of the jab of my money
talking for me if it about every don't
wax me but at you who ain't tryna in a
bit don't step foot in my feet feeling
she I'm in my son I me myself I mean my
son
I made myself I mean much I made myself
but in myself I made myself I mean my
son i'm in
I me myself I mean I mean myself
I'm so we're to space at this roof is my
spacecraft kicking bars out of this
world shouting soccer play that go and
tell you Koli 100 hands can't hold me
and if he wants her OD I can get Mick
Foley throwing chairs bar why the stairs
tell you step up here out of this world
never utter your garlic cozy up in here
get a referral to get a few barrels of
liquor gunpowder it since the clock in
low-g drink from fucking with the mr o h
them jeans mg them group rubies and
jeans long cups that gut lay off them
for these we bow you bow you're on the
wrong team I'm tired of the jab of my
bunny talking for me if it ever every
don't ask me but that cheese you ain't
trying to innovate don't step foot in my
finger finish I mean my son I mean
I made myself I mean what I made myself
I mean I made myself you know what ain't
my son I mean myself I mean my son I
mean what
I made myself